Name: Jennifer Hache
Date: 10/09/2024

Description: 
This program validates the user inputs for phone numbers, Social Security Numbers, and zip codes.
 It utilizes regular expressions to ensure the inputs conform to the patterns provided.


Logic Steps:

1. Import the regular expression module
	1a. Imported to use regular expressions for pattern matching.

2. Define the test functions for the phone, social, and zip code.
	2a. Define a regex pattern for valid phone numbers, social, and zip code.
	
3. Use a loop until a valid format is entered.
	3a. Check the input against the patterns.
	3b. If number is invalid, prompt will ask user to enter number again.

4. Define the main function
	4a. Use Print telling the user will be validating inputs
	4b. Call each validation function and store the return values
		phone_valid for phone number validation.
		ssn_valid for social security validation.
		zip_valid for zip code validation.

5. If all input are true, call the main() function to start the validation process.
	5a. After successful input collection, the program summarizes the validation results before exiting.
	5a. For loop runs for a number of iterations from a random number generated between 0 and 12.



Variables Used

1. Pattern: 
Desc: contains the string regex patterns

2. x: 
Desc: Stores the user input for phone, social, and zip code numbers
	will be used for validation process.

3. phone_valid:
Desc: Stores the result of the phone number validation

4. ssn_valid
Desc: Stores the result of the Social Security Number validation

5. zip_valid
Desc: Stores the result of the zip code validation 

Functions Used

test_phone_number():
Validates a phone number input.
Parameters: none
Returns: True if valid

test_ssn(): 
Validates a Social Security Number input.
Parameters: none
Returns: True if valid

test_zip_code():
Validates a ZIP code input.
Parameters: none
Returns: True if valid

main():
validation process and displays results.
Parameters: none
Returns: helps run the program


https://github.com/Jhache06/JenniferHache_Chapter-6_A.git

Name: Jennifer Hache
Date: 10/09/2024
